first things happen in the world that
have to do with tech and gaming and all
that and then second we
tell you about them i thought we went
over this one more time google has been
playing games with the internet's hearts
concerning android 11. last week a beta
site for the developer preview of the os
went live but was quickly taken down
causing many to think that the site's
launch was a mistake but today google
just went ahead and launched the preview
for android 11 about a month earlier
than expected and yes it's android 11
not r since google gave up the whole
naming os
versions after desserts thing because i
guess they ran out of desserts so even
though it was so cute
and android rocky road is the os we all
wanted
android 11's changes are mostly under
the hood right now with updates to
networking support privacy and platform
compatibility hopefully though you'll be
able to turn all those up to 11.
compatibility is through the roof
i hope this is the last time we have to
talk about foldable phones and how much
they suck more than we expected but yeah
they do turns out the galaxy zephylips
fancy fibers inside the hinge don't
actually keep dust out that well at all
as shown by ifix's tear down and some
motorola razer users are finding their
displays are becoming deformed with
weird bumps and that phone's not even 45
yet
but if you want to feel hopeful again
the verge has a great article about how
the galaxy flip display is actually
glass despite the questions that have
been brought up by jerry rigg
everything's scratch test apparently
pure glass can flex if you just make it
super duper thin like we're talking 30
microns which is how thin the ziplaps
it's a flap the flips glass is that's
thinner than an average human hair and
it's even thinner than my
thinner than average chicken hair so
samsung's claim of ultra thin glass is
true even though on the flip it's
covered with a layer of plastic to
protect the glass
that sucks and samsung thinks it's good
enough to sell to other companies so all
we can do right now is wait for
foldables to get better or just buy
these ones if you're bored and can't
figure out what else to do with your
riches that you apparently have you
scrooge mcduck you should go to space
you could've got space and it was
already impressive when saber
interactive managed to port the
graphically demanding the witcher 3 to
nintendo's switch but this week they
outdid themselves all over again the
game's graphics have been tweaked even
more with new abilities like adjusting
blur and anti-aliasing and a new
sharpening filter
just turn it off but more importantly
cross safe has been added for steam and
good old games so you can make progress
on the pc version then pick up right
where you left off on the switch
wow the witcher 3 is appropriately the
third switch game to support the feature
after divinity original sin 2
and civilization six and frankly it
should be the norm and now i'm just
upset that it's not already
my my day is ruined thank goodness the
quick bits are here and to make them
even better they're brought to you by
honey the shopping tool that finds the
best promo codes whenever you shop
online whatever wherever guys if you
don't know what honey is
it's a free browser extension for chrome
firefox and safari that saves you time
and money honey when shopping online at
over 30 000 stores including amazon ebay
new egg razor best buy and walmart and
more than that even those of you who
downloaded honey from our link have
already saved over 100 grand in the past
few months alone and did i mention it's
free literal no-brainer here
i got an empty cranium and i have honey
you can have it too free right now at
joinhoney.com
techlinked and now
the quick bits call my name
stadia has added support for more than
just pixel phones with the razer phones
one and two asus rog phones one and two
and every samsung galaxy phone since the
s8 getting official support so i guess
some people now have one less obstacle
when stadia actually gives them a reason
to want it oh
rude
a leaked cinebench result shows intel's
upcoming 10th generation core i7 10 700
f matching the performance of amd's
ryzen 7 3700x which would be exciting if
the ryzen chip didn't launch last year
and we we didn't know that by the time
intel actually launches 10th gen ryzen
would probably have something even
better coming out so don't give up yet
they could still
make it cheap and what is a bit of a
modern tech horror story a reporter for
the guardian was stranded on a remote
dirt road after the prius she rented
from car sharing startup gig lost its
cellular connection and shut down not
scared yet how about this story where
researchers tricked a tesla into going
85 miles per hour by putting tape on a
speed limit sign that read 35.
sure tesla's working on a fix but it's
already incredibly spooky
[Music]
staples is trying to head off the retail
apocalypse in its own way by adding
podcasting studios to six of its boston
stores okay
the studios will be equipped with pro
equipment space for four people and a
price tag of 60 for a 60 minute session
on the one hand this is actually a cool
way to reuse retail space for something
useful but on the other hand as if we
need more podcasts right there's there's
literally millions but carpool critics
is one of the good ones so check us out
anywhere you get your podcast
broadcasting live from staples
and the jet man team have reached
another milestone in dubai with pilot
vince referet taking off from the ground
hovering in place and then shooting off
to reach a new all-time high altitude
using the company's jet powered wing
suit what is this no word on when the
suit will be used to fight crime or more
realistically when dubai's police will
order about 50 of these things just go
fast they like to go fast
all the sand in your face
byo goggles and it's time for me to jet
man away because this episode is over
folks come back on friday for more tech
news no promises that we won't be
talking about folding phones fingers
folded